feat: gdb failover support (#1246)
aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper: docs/using-the-python-wrapper/using-plugins/UsingTheGdbFailoverPlugin.md

## Differences between the GDB Failover Plugin and the Failover Plugin v2

The GDB Failover Plugin introduces the notion of a *home region* and extends the configuration parameters to allow setting different failover logic for **in-home** and **out-of-home** cases.

Driver configuration for the GDB Failover Plugin should include a home region defined with an AWS region name. This introduces two cases:
- **in-home**: when the primary region of the Global Database is the same as the specified home region.
- **out-of-home**: when GDB switches over to another region and the primary region is not the same as the specified home region.

Users are allowed to specify different failover logic individually for the **in-home** and **out-of-home** cases. The following are two examples where in-home and out-of-home cases impact the failover logic.

**Example 1**

> When a user application needs a writer connection, it makes sense to define the failover mode to follow the writer (`strict-writer`). However, some applications may choose not to follow a writer node when cross-region failover occurs (see [Configuration Example 3](#configuration-example-3) below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user application needs a writer connection, it makes sense to define the failover mode to follow the writer (`strict-writer`). However, some applications may choose not to follow a writer host when cross-region failover occurs (see [Configuration Example 3](#configuration-example-3) below).
```
Just a note that we probably want to use `host` over `node` throughout the docs

- **in-home**: the primary region of the Global Database is the same as the specified home region; connect to any such reader.
- **out-of-home**: connect to readers that are in the specified home region; these readers are no longer part of the primary region of the Global Database.

The mentioned scenarios can be configured with the GDB Failover Plugin. The [Failover Plugin v2](./UsingTheFailover2Plugin.md) and [Failover Plugin](./UsingTheFailoverPlugin.md) don't support the home region and can't be used for the cases mentioned above.

## Using the GDB Failover Plugin
The GDB Failover Plugin will not be enabled by default. To enable it, explicitly include the plugin code `gdb_failover` in the [`plugins`](../UsingThePythonWrapper.md#connection-plugin-manager-parameters) value, or add it to the current [driver profile](../UsingThePythonWrapper.md#connection-plugin-manager-parameters). After you load the plugin, the failover feature will be enabled.

Please refer to the [failover configuration guide](../FailoverConfigurationGuide.md) for tips to keep in mind when using the failover plugins.

> [!WARNING]

> > Do not use the `gdb_failover`, `failover`, and/or `failover_v2` plugins (or their combination) at the same time for the same connection!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not use any combination of the `gdb_failover`, `failover`, and/or `failover_v2` plugins at the same time for the same connection!
```

> The GDB Failover Plugin requires a Global Aurora dialect. Set `dialect` to `global-aurora-mysql` or `global-aurora-pg`, and provide the per-region instance host patterns via `global_cluster_instance_host_patterns`. For complete Aurora Global Database configuration, see the [Aurora Global Databases](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-global-database.html) documentation.

Reviewer: Is this the correct link? I feel like it should be a link to our docs for these parameters or that we should have a separate paragraph for the amazon configuration info
